Adding separate READMEs for publishing (#166)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: vscode-dotnet-sdk-extension/README.md

# .NET SDK Install Tool

> **Note: This is a very early preview of this tool and is not intended for use outside the .NET education bundle. If you are considering leveraging this extension, please file an issue on this repository first so we can discuss your options.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This is a very early preview of this tool and is not intended for use outside the .NET education bundle. Using this in other scenarios will result in broken installs on user machines due to conflict with the normal SDK installer.**
```

> This extension allows acquisition of a local copy of the .NET SDK specifically for Visual Studio Code. The extension is not intended to be used directly by users to install .NET for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows acquisition of a local copy of the .NET SDK specifically for Visual Studio Code and the Education Bundle. The extension is not intended to be used directly by users to install .NET for development.
```
